Idle
================================================================================

Game Description
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first episode is based around Idle's attempts to get his door unlocked.
Subsequent episodes will have similar themes.

Idle is constantly faced with problems that would be trivial to overcome for any
reasonably intelligent adult. In fact, the NPCs around him will be seen going
about their lifes having no trouble with these issues at all.

It is important that the challenges that Idle faces feel real. The root cause of
all of Idle's problems is how lazy he is, and has been for his whole life.


Obstacles
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For example, at the start of the game it is raining. Idle needs an umbrella.
An NPC caught in the rain would simply go to the shop down the street and
purchase one. Idle doesn't have any money, or credit though. He has to find a
way to pay for the umbrella.

Of course, once Idle obtains an umbrella and opens it for the first time, the
rain suddenly stops.

Idle's challenges continue in a similar way. He is unable to get a taxi because
each time he hails one an NPC gets in first. He can't pay a toll for a road
because he doesn't have a credit card. He can't get a job because he is so
poorly dressed, etc etc etc.


Game Play
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The game will be rendered in an isometric view, and the player will be able to
move Idle in 8 directions using either a d-pad or a touch screen.

From the player's point of view Idle will move relatively quicklly. From an NPCs
view however Idle will be moving at a snail's pace.

In the game time will pass very quickly, in order to illustrate the very slow
pace that Idle moves at. An entire day will pass in the game in about 60
seconds.

There will be no monsters in the game. All obstacles will simply be logic
puzzles. The player will not be required to have any skill to play the game.
Even a puzzle that depends on the time of day must be easy to acomplish with any
input mechanism.

Idle will have a life meter, and can take damage from things like falling,
drowning, spikes, etc. His life meter will slowly refill as he munches on
cookies that he has in his pocket.


First Episode Story
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first episode starts with Idle being locked out of his house, and focuses on
his attempts to get his door unlocked. He leaves his house in order to get food
(delivery).

Upon completing his quest he sits down to enjoy his show, and the power goes out
since he has neglected to pay his bill, leaving an opening for the next episode.







The entire game is based around Idle's attempt to get his door unlocked. The
graphics and basic game play should be in the style of early Zelda games such as
"A link to the past".

Unlike Zelda though this game will contain no monsters at all. The only thing
that can hurt Idle's life meter are natural dangerous such as drowning, falling
in a pit, spikes, etc. He will not lose life because of hunger since he goes
through the entire game holding the food he got from the mailbox.

Idle's Appearance
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Idle should appear to have just gotten out of bed. He is a thin boy who wears a
bathrobe and slippers. His hair is very messy, and he is holding a bag of food
that he got from the mailbox.

As Idle (unwillingly) explores his world he will find various items to help him
including extra life containers which will make his life meter larger. This
should be represented visually by him getting a bigger and bigger gut.

The World
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Idle lives in a small town, with various different areas surrounding it. A farm,
a forest, a large city, etc. Idle will need to explore these areas to look for a
lock smith. He will encounter obstacles along the way, and will have to find
some new tool to get past them.

NPCs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Since there are no monsters in this game the NPCs are meant to add a lot more to
the game.

Each NPC will be able to have a conversation with Idle at any point, and have
dialog that is relevant to his current situation. The dialog will use a simple
menu system so that Idle can chose things to ask, or responses to questions.

The NPCs move at "normal" speed, so they appear to Idle to be running very fast.
Idle will be able to call out to get an NPC's attention in order to start dialog
without having to walk right up to the person.

Most of the NPCs will have free reign of the whole map and the same NPC will be
seen in different areas throughout the game. From their point of view this kind
of travel is easy. When Idle asks "How do you get to the lock smith's shop" at
the start of the game an NPC may say something like "Oh, it's on main street.
You can't miss it."

Maps
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A simple map will be displayed at the top of the screen throughout game play
which shows the current screen and some surrounding screens. A square will only
appear for a screen if Idle has discovered it.

A small line will be shown to indicate which ways you can leave a screen.

Idle will be able to purchase printed maps of various areas which will display
additional detail and allow notes, including routes with a name etc.

Money
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Many of Idle's troubles will be based around not having any money. He will have
to do various things to obtain money and/or credit.

Obstacles that he must get past may include things like requiring money to pay a
toll, or needing to fix bad credit to get a credit card to pay a toll, etc.


