Idle
================================================================================

Opening Scene
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Narrator:	"Meet Idle"

	<fade in to image of Idle sitting on the couch watching TV>

	Narrator:	"As you may have guessed from his name, Idle is in fact quite
				lazy."

				"Idle dropped the remote a few months ago, and has been watching
				the same channel ever since."

				"When Idle was born his mom gave him a normal name, like Bill or
				Gertrude, or Angus, or Kevin or .... well it's not important
				what it was. It is just important that it was normal. When she
				saw how lazy he was she went to the town hall and had it changed
				to Idle. He can walk to town hall and change it back any time he
				likes. He hasn't. For 18 years."

				"He is so lazy that he has food delivered by post rather than go
				to the shop down the street."

	<door bell rings>

	Mail Man:	"Mails here!"

	Idle:		"Meh, I ate a few days ago... I'll eat tomorrow"

	<The life meter drops by one>

	<The roller blinds on a window suddenly slip, and it rolls up revealing a
	sunny day outside. Time passes quickly and we see a whole day and night pass
	in a matter of seconds>

	Mail Man:	"Mails here!"

	Idle:		"I'm coming... I'm comin.... *snore*"

	<The life meter drops by one (only one remains)>

	<A day and night passes>

	Mail Man:	"Mails here!"

	Idle:		"Okay, okay. I'm up. I'm up."

	<Idle walks to the door slowly, steps outside and picks up some food from
	the mailbox. The life meter fills back up to full.>

	<Idle walks back to his door. It's locked!>

	<It starts to rain>

	<The player is now in control of Idle>

	<Time continues to move quickly, with a whole day taking about 30 seconds
	during normal game play, as a way to show that Idle moves very slowly
	compared to everyone else>



Game Description
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The entire game is based around Idle's attempt to get his door unlocked. The
graphics and basic game play should be in the style of early Zelda games such as
"A link to the past".

Unlike Zelda though this game will contain no monsters at all. The only thing
that can hurt Idle's life meter are natural dangerous such as drowning, falling
in a pit, spikes, etc. He will not lose life because of hunger since he goes
through the entire game holding the food he got from the mailbox.

Idle's Appearance
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Idle should appear to have just gotten out of bed. He is a thin boy who wears a
bathrobe and slippers. His hair is very messy, and he is holding a bag of food
that he got from the mailbox.

As Idle (unwillingly) explores his world he will find various items to help him
including extra life containers which will make his life meter larger. This
should be represented visually by him getting a bigger and bigger gut.

The World
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Idle lives in a small town, with various different areas surrounding it. A farm,
a forest, a large city, etc. Idle will need to explore these areas to look for a
lock smith. He will encounter obstacles along the way, and will have to find
some new tool to get past them.

NPCs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Since there are no monsters in this game the NPCs are meant to add a lot more to
the game.

Each NPC will be able to have a conversation with Idle at any point, and have
dialog that is relevant to his current situation. The dialog will use a simple
menu system so that Idle can chose things to ask, or responses to questions.

The NPCs move at "normal" speed, so they appear to Idle to be running very fast.
Idle will be able to call out to get an NPC's attention in order to start dialog
without having to walk right up to the person.

Most of the NPCs will have free reign of the whole map and the same NPC will be
seen in different areas throughout the game. From their point of view this kind
of travel is easy. When Idle asks "How do you get to the lock smith's shop" at
the start of the game an NPC may say something like "Oh, it's on main street.
You can't miss it."

Maps
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A simple map will be displayed at the top of the screen throughout game play
which shows the current screen and some surrounding screens. A square will only
appear for a screen if Idle has discovered it.

A small line will be shown to indicate which ways you can leave a screen.

Idle will be able to purchase printed maps of various areas which will display
additional detail and allow notes, including routes with a name etc.

Money
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Many of Idle's troubles will be based around not having any money. He will have
to do various things to obtain money and/or credit.

Obstacles that he must get past may include things like requiring money to pay a
toll, or needing to fix bad credit to get a credit card to pay a toll, etc.


